The ground feels funny. You look down and see funny pokey things. If memory serves correct, these are called staglmites.
You hear water dripping from the distance. Drip. Drip. Drip.
The smell of mildew hangs in the air.
voive echos
the cry of bats
Mystical tingles fill the air.
You hear a ringing getting louder and louder.
The crystals beneath crack below your feet.
You hear a gem shatter in the distance.
Your are blinded by the various crystals on the wall. Purple, blue, green, red... So many different colors!
Is that a rainbow on the wall?
For a brief moment, you feel as though you're being wrapped in a warm blanket by a spirit. You long for that feeling again.
If you were human, this cave would be a gold - no, a gem mine!
You look at the clusters of glittering gems around you and wonder how much they could sell for once you reach earth. Probably a lot.
You start to doze off while walking from this long journey, but are woken up immediately by the large crystal that just impaled your ribcage... Oops.
Due to the everlowering crystal ceiling, your head got knocked off.
You lick a gem on the wall. It tastes...Familiar.
You stop in front of a smooth crystal to look at your reflection. Handsome.
This amulet reminds you of your mother. Lovely woman!
Theres a crabs shell in the corner. Wait, this isn't an ocean, it's a gem cave!
You start to imagine your favorite foods that you can no longer eat. You eat a gem. It was not nutritious.
You wonder how life has changed back on earth.
You encounter a beautiful and red crystal rose. You wonder if your crush would like it.
You stop to rest on a gem. It got stuck in your pelvis.
The more you walk, the more gems you find wedged between your toes.
Dev Note #001: Pain
Dev Note #002: The cat just jumped onto my tablxhtrfaklsd f[09
Dev Note #003: Dogs are better than cats!
Dev Note #004: Eating some alphabet soup. Oops I just knocked it overasdkfluguuuu ,mliiiiirr;orhofrrrrhr
Dev Note #005: I wish I was rich and had gems to sell.Dev Note #006: I just broke the enter key on my laptop. Oops.
Dev Note #007: How many times have I yawned??? 20 maybe? No, 30. Make that 31.
Dev Note #008: It is currently 4AM and I have wake up in 2 1/2 hours. What am I doing???
